UI: Allow admins to edit their own accounts (#12544)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using-Fleet/Permissions.md

\*** Applies only to [Fleet REST API](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/rest-api)

> \**** Global admins can neither demote their own role nor change themselves to be a Team-specific user.

Reviewer: Would leave "Team" lowercased here, since it's lowercased in the table above. (Not 100% sure what our conventions are for capitalizing names of features in Fleet; I've seen a mix of capitalized/uncapitalized.)

Author: @rachaelshaw will do

> \**** Global admins can neither demote their own role nor change themselves to be a team-specific user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\**** Global admins can neither demote their own roles nor change themselves to be team-specific users.
```
